Fresh vegetables, fruits and berries all year round - this is possible
with modern freezers.
Freestanding vertical freezers INDESIT SFR - roomy
and convenient devices with an attractive price
and thoughtful organization of internal space.
Freezers are represented by three models: low
SFR 100, taller SFR 167 in white or silver
and SFR 167 NF with the No Frost defrost system.
With design everything is clear - it is modern and ergonomic.
What is hidden inside the freezers?
Note the division of the internal space into compartments
for freezing and compartments for food storage.
The SFR 167 NF has ice containers.
Offices for freezing have a hinged lid.
The bottom here are of two types: perforated surface - perfect
suitable for freezing small berries, dumplings
or dumplings, and the lattice - on it can be evenly
distribute for freezing pieces of meat, fish and others
larger products.
These compartments are suitable for both freezing and storage.
products.
But for long-term storage, retractable
the boxes.
When foods are frozen, you can move them to
these compartments.
The boxes are large enough, they can fit in banks
and big bottles.
By the way, on the freezer door there is a table showing
what is the maximum time recommended to store
this or that product.
The temperature is regulated by a handle.
All freezers have the function of fast freezing,
which lowers the temperature to a minimum for short
time intervals, so freezing
faster, and their useful properties are not lost.
Fast freezing is turned on and off manually.
Freezers SFR 100 and 167 need to defrost manually, SFR 167 NF is equipped
system no frost.
Note that this defrosting system does not allow
products stick together in one ice ball, and
they are easily separated from each other.
In general, INDESIT SFR freezers are simple and affordable.
option for home.
They provide everything you need for daily
use, and this is the most important thing.